Create OLED_Display.md (#830)
KMKfw/kmk_firmware: docs/en/OLED_Display.md

#### Make sure you download right version of Libraries. It should be the same one as yours CircuitPyhon.
* [CircuitPython Libraries Bundle](https://circuitpython.org/libraries)

Now you need to create `lib` folder where you will place your needed files.
Then find following folder and file and drop them in your freshly baked folder.
* adafruit_display_text
* `adafruit_displayio_ssd1306.mpy`

# Main.py
Time to make changes in your `main.py`.
As always, first step is adding OLED extension.

```python
from kmk.extensions.oled import Oled, TextEntry, ImageEntry
```

Now add this main part of extension. Then replace SCL and SDA. You can also tweak some settings of your screen here, but for now its not necessary.

```python
i2c_bus = busio.I2C(board.GP SCL, board.GP SDA) # change SCL and SDA according to your board and made connection.
oled = Oled(
    i2c=i2c_bus,
    device_address=0x3C,
    height=64, # here you can change your screen size
    flip=False,
    dim_time=10,
    dim_target=0.1, 
    off_time=0, 
    brightness=0.1,

>     brightness_step=0.1,

Reviewer: There's also width and I2C device address. Flip can be set on per-side basis if the keyboard is split, there are powersave versions of arguments that are only active when powersave is enabled. Each argument should be described.

Brightness step relates brightness increase/decrease keycodes, which are currently broken, but it should be an easy fix.

> # Oled Display

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# OLED Display
```
Use consistend spelling, *OLED* instead of *Oled*.
I noticed that the extension also calls it's main class *Oled*, and we should fix that before we publish the documentation.

> Extension to use for your build with OLED Display

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Extension to use for your build with OLED Display.
```
Sentences end with a full stop. Please check the rest of this document for consistency.

If you need help soldering, there's a small note on the end to help.

> # Preparation

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Preparation
```
Don't skip heading hierarchies (*H1* / *#* is always followed by *H2* / *##*, and so on), in this case use a second order heading.

### Libraries

> First of all you need to download few Libraries that will make possible for your OLED to work. You can download them from Adafruit CircuitPython Libraries page. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
First of all you need to download a few libraries that will make it possible for your OLED to work.
You can get them with the [Adafruit CircuitPython Libraries bundle](https://circuitpython.org/libraries).
```
* Adhere to standard english grammar. Let us know if you would like us to assist with that.
* Preferably use one line per sentence.
* This is where the link 2 lines down should go.

Author: Let me know if there are still language errors somewhere. English is not my native language and sometimes I have problems.

> #### Make sure you download right version of Libraries. It should be the same one as yours CircuitPyhon.
> * [CircuitPython Libraries Bundle](https://circuitpython.org/libraries)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Make sure to download right version of libraries, they should match your version of CircuitPython.
```

Now you need to create `lib` folder where you will place your needed files.

> Then find following folder and file and drop them in your freshly baked folder.
> * adafruit_display_text
> * `adafruit_displayio_ssd1306.mpy`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Then find following folder and file and drop them in your freshly baked folder:
* `adafruit_display_text`
* `adafruit_displayio_ssd1306.mpy`
```
Use consistent backticks for inline code highlighting. This is not the only occurance, check the rest of this document for any code pieces, file names, module names, etc., that should be highlighted with backticks.

> # Main.py

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Configuration
```

```

Now add this main part of extension. Then replace SCL and SDA with correct pins/

```python
i2c_bus = busio.I2C(board.GP SCL, board.GP SDA) # change SCL and SDA according to your board and made connection.
```

Here's the main part with all of the settings, you can tweak them to fit your screen and preferences.

```python
oled = Oled(
    i2c=i2c_bus,
    device_address=0x3C,
    width=128, # Screen size
    height=64, # Screen size
    flip = False, # Flips your display content
    flip_left = False, # Flips your display content on left side split
    flip_right = False, # Flips your display content on right side split
    dim_time=10, # time in seconds to reduce screen brightness
    dim_target=0.1, # set level for brightness decrease
    off_time=0, # time in seconds to turn off screen
    brightness=1, # initial screen brightness level
    brightness_step=0.1, # used for brightness increase/decrease keycodes
    # POWER SAVE ONLY SETTINGS
    powersave_dim_time=10, # time in seconds to reduce screen brightness
    powersave_dim_target=0.1, # set level for brightness decrease
    powersave_off_time=30, # time in seconds to turn off screen
)

> ```

Reviewer 2: Merge these code examples.
Keep constistent upper/lowercase at the beginning of a comment.

> # Image

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Images
```

Before starting make sure you got a ready file to display. It should be a monochromatic bitmap (for example `1.bmp`) with same size as your's OLED. In this case 128x64. 
Place your image straight into your CircuitPython file, next to `main.py`. 
#### Placing it in separate folder may cause issues.

```python
oled.entries = [
    ImageEntry(image="1.bmp", x=0, y=0),
]
keyboard.extensions.append(oled)
```

You can also make your images appear corresponding to specific layer

```python
oled.entries = [
    ImageEntry(image="1.bmp", x=0, y=0, layer=0),
    ImageEntry(image="2.bmp", x=0, y=0, layer=1),
]
keyboard.extensions.append(oled)
```

And/or side of your split keyboard

```python
oled.entries = [
    ImageEntry(image="L1.bmp", x=0, y=0, side="L"),
    ImageEntry(image="R1.bmp", x=0, y=0, side="R"),
]
keyboard.extensions.append(oled)
```

> # Text

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Text
```

```python
oled.entries = [
    TextEntry(text="Layer = 1", x=128, y=0, x_anchor="R", y_anchor="T"), # text in Top Right corner
    TextEntry(text="Macros", x=128, y=64, x_anchor="R", y_anchor="B"), # text in Bottom Right corner
    TextEntry(text="Hey there!", x=64, y=32, x_anchor="M", y_anchor="M"), # text in the Middle of screen
]
keyboard.extensions.append(oled)
```

### Split
As well as with images you can change displaying according to your layer or side of split keyboard.

```python
oled.entries = [
    TextEntry(text="Longer text that", x=0, y=0, layer=0),
    TextEntry(text="has been divided", x=0, y=12, layer=0, side="L"),
    TextEntry(text="for an example", x=0, y=24, layer=0, side="R"),
]
keyboard.extensions.append(oled)
```

### Inverting
inverts colours of your text. comes in handy for example as a good layer indicator.

```python
oled_ext = Oled(
    entries=[
        TextEntry(text='0 1 2 4', x=0, y=0),
        TextEntry(text='0', x=0, y=0, inverted=True, layer=0),
        TextEntry(text='1', x=12, y=0, inverted=True, layer=1),
        TextEntry(text='2', x=24, y=0, inverted=True, layer=2),
    ],
)
```

# Fully working Example Code

> 

Reviewer 2: The reason not to include a "fully working example" is: it's "fully working" *only* in your specific case. Hardware setup and layout and so on doesn't add any usefull information here.
A "fully working example" is a "fully working keyboard" and belongs under `boards/`

#EXTENSIONS
keyboard = KMKKeyboard()
Layers = Layers()
keyboard.modules.append(Layers)

#OLED
keyboard.SDA = board.GP20
keyboard.SCL = board.GP21
i2c_bus = busio.I2C(board.GP21, board.GP20)
oled = Oled(
    entries=[
        TextEntry(text='Layer: ', x=0, y=32, y_anchor='B'),
        TextEntry(text='BASE', x=40, y=32, y_anchor='B', layer=0),
        TextEntry(text='NUM', x=40, y=32, y_anchor='B', layer=1),
        TextEntry(text='NAV', x=40, y=32, y_anchor='B', layer=2),
        TextEntry(text='0 1 2', x=0, y=4),
        TextEntry(text='0', x=0, y=4, inverted=True, layer=0),
        TextEntry(text='1', x=12, y=4, inverted=True, layer=1),
        TextEntry(text='2', x=24, y=4, inverted=True, layer=2),
    ],
    i2c=i2c_bus,
    device_address=0x3C,
    width=128,
    height=64,
    dim_time=10,
    dim_target=0.1,
    off_time=1200,
    brightness=1,
)

keyboard.extensions.append(oled)
```

# Soldering

Look online for your board pinout docs and solder accordingly to it.

[Raspberry Pi Pico Pinouts](https://www.raspberrypi.com/documentation/microcontrollers/images/pico-pinout.svg)

* GND - Ground Pin
* VCC - 3V3 Pin
* SCL - any SCL pin 

> * SDA - closest SDA pin

Reviewer 2: Remove this. "Look it up online" isn't an actual helpfull statement related to this module, focusing on the pico layout for no reason doesn't make sense, and again a statement like "for SCL use an SCL pin" is not actually helpfull information.

Author: Sure thing. I added this because I had problems when soldering the display myself. I could not find information on where to solder these pins, and such information at that point would have been helpful to me. Just thought it might be useful for beginners.

# Oled Display
Easy extension to use for your build with OLED Display

> If you need help soldering, there's a small note on the end to help.

Reviewer: I still don't like the use of word "easy". Since we're hosting this doc in our own repo, this will be us tooting our own horn essentially.

Also, since we have 2 OLED extensions, we need to explain why one would be chosen over the other, unless @xs5871 still wants to depricate the PEG OLED extension.

Reviewer 2: I agree with that. We should at least state that this is the official and more likely to be maintained OLED extension.

Also: because this has come up before, we should at least put a little note at the top, that some kind of performance degradation has been observed / may be expected and it uses a considerable amount of RAM.

# Preparation

### Libraries
First of all you need to download few Libraries that will make possible for your OLED to work. You can download them from Adafruit CircuitPython Libraries page. 
#### Make sure you download right version of Libraries. It should be the same one as yours CircuitPyhon.
* [CircuitPython Libraries Bundle](https://circuitpython.org/libraries)

Now you need to create `lib` folder where you will place your needed files.
Then find following folder and file and drop them in your freshly baked folder.
* adafruit_display_text
* `adafruit_displayio_ssd1306.mpy`

# Main.py
Time to make changes in `main.py`.
As always, first step is adding OLED extension.

```python
from kmk.extensions.oled import Oled, TextEntry, ImageEntry
```

Now add this main part of extension. Then replace SCL and SDA with correct pins/

```python

> i2c_bus = busio.I2C(board.GP SCL, board.GP SDA) # change SCL and SDA according to your board and made connection.

Reviewer: We also need to import `board` and `busio` for this to work.

Place your image straight into your CircuitPython file, next to `main.py`. 
#### Placing it in separate folder may cause issues.

```python
oled.entries = [
    ImageEntry(image="1.bmp", x=0, y=0),
]
keyboard.extensions.append(oled)
```

You can also make your images appear corresponding to specific layer

```python
oled.entries = [
    ImageEntry(image="1.bmp", x=0, y=0, layer=0),
    ImageEntry(image="2.bmp", x=0, y=0, layer=1),
]
keyboard.extensions.append(oled)
```

And/or side of your split keyboard

```python
oled.entries = [
    ImageEntry(image="L1.bmp", x=0, y=0, side="L"),
    ImageEntry(image="R1.bmp", x=0, y=0, side="R"),
]
keyboard.extensions.append(oled)
```

# Text
To display longer texts you need to divide it to smaller phrases to fit width of your screen.

You're able to freely positon of your text to place it wherever you want just by changing x and y values

```python
oled.entries = [
    TextEntry(text="Layer = 1", x=0, y=0),
    TextEntry(text="Macros", x=0, y=12),
    TextEntry(text="Hey there!", x=0, y=24),
]
keyboard.extensions.append(oled)
```
### X and Y anchors

> It's helpfull especially with positioning of text.

Reviewer: Only with positioning of text. API for bitmaps doesn't have that functionality.

The values can be set "T" for Top, "M" for Middle and "B" for Bottom for X axis as well as "L" for Left, "M" for Middle and "R" for Right for Y axis.

> for more precise displaying, the values can be set in range from 0 to 1.

Reviewer: I don't think they can...

It sets the anchor point of given text and your text is moved and placed basing on this anchor point.
For example for text in top right corner you need to set its anchor points Top Right and move text to far right position.

> For some more info about anchors check [Adafruit site](https://learn.adafruit.com/circuitpython-display-support-using-displayio/text).

Reviewer: With a caveat that this guide uses floating point numbers for anchors, while we use `T`, `M`, `B` and `L`, `M`, `R` strings.

```python
oled.entries = [
    TextEntry(text="Layer = 1", x=128, y=0, x_anchor="R", y_anchor="T"), # text in Top Right corner
    TextEntry(text="Macros", x=128, y=64, x_anchor="R", y_anchor="B"), # text in Bottom Right corner
    TextEntry(text="Hey there!", x=64, y=32, x_anchor="M", y_anchor="M"), # text in the Middle of screen
]
keyboard.extensions.append(oled)
```

### Split
As well as with images you can change displaying according to your layer or side of split keyboard.

```python
oled.entries = [
    TextEntry(text="Longer text that", x=0, y=0, layer=0),
    TextEntry(text="has been divided", x=0, y=12, layer=0, side="L"),
    TextEntry(text="for an example", x=0, y=24, layer=0, side="R"),
]
keyboard.extensions.append(oled)
```

### Line Spacing

> Doesn't serve any purpose beside looks, might as well be skipped - default spacing of 0.75 will be applied

Reviewer: Is only relevant when line break character is used, the usage of line break character must be demonstrated.

Or spacing can be skipped entirely since it's really not that useful.
